Presentation Skills--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 15 (15%) points
Speaker does not have a clear understanding of the material they are presenting. Cannot give explanations to questions.
Developing 20 (20%) points
Speaker stumbles over occasional term or facts. hard to understand or follow what they are saying.
Satisfactory 25 (25%) points
Speakers use notes or require prompts from team but understand their material.
Exemplary 30 (30%) points
Speakers are clear and precise in their descriptions and delivery. They are confident in their details.

Visuals--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 5 (5%) points
Slides fail to include most required information, and may be impossible to read.
Developing 10 (10%) points
Slides lacking in key required information. Slides may be hard to see or understand.
Satisfactory 15 (15%) points
Slides convey main data and graphics but may occasionally be hard to see or understand. Some required information may be missing.
Exemplary 20 (20%) points
Slides are easy to see, uncluttered, and support the speaker's narrative. Slides have excellent visual data representation and graphics and contain all required information.

Project Summary--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 4 (4%) points
Description fails to describe project adequately.
Developing 6 (6%) points
Description is incomplete.
Satisfactory 8 (8%) points
Description is complete and understandable but could be clearer. Some requirements are presented.
Exemplary 10 (10%) points
Description is clear,complete, and understandable. All important requirements are presented.

Final Design--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 3 (3%) points
Design is not presented clearly.
Developing 7 (7%) points
Limited design is presented. No system diagrams, no design drawings.
Satisfactory 10 (10%) points
Design is presented clearly. System level diagrams are presented. Some key detail designs are described.
Exemplary 15 (15%) points
Design is presented clearly. All required information to understand and replicated the design are presented.

Test Plan(s)--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 3 (3%) points
Some tests are present, but not completed.
Developing 7 (7%) points
All requirments have a test, but tests are not completed. Tests are hard to understand and can't be executed.
Satisfactory 10 (10%) points
All requirements have a test. All tests are completed but some are hard to understand. Poor testing methodology is used.
Exemplary 15 (15%) points
All requirements have a test. Every test is easy to understand and follow. All tests are completed.

Budget--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 2 (2%) points
Budget is incomplete and hard to follow.
Developing 3 (3%) points
Budget is slightly ncomplete and hard to follow.
Satisfactory 4 (4%) points
Budget is accurate, complete.
Exemplary 5 (5%) points
Budget is complete, accurate, clear, easy to follow.

Schedule--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 2 (2%) points
Schedule hard to follow and may not show actual course of events.
Developing 3 (3%) points
Schedule hard to follow. Needs updating since last review.
Satisfactory 4 (4%) points
Schedule shows true course of events but may not be easy to follow.
Exemplary 5 (5%) points
Schedule clearly reflects true course of events and is easy to follow.