Executive Summary--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 4 (4%) points
Project description not clear. Project is difficult to visualize.
Developing 6 (6%) points
Project description could use some clarification.
Satisfactory 8 (8%) points
Adequately describes project but writing could be more organized.
Exemplary 10 (10%) points
Writing is a clear and concise description of project.

Problem Statement (Vision)--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 2 (2%) points
Writing is poor and imprecise. Relevant social,economic, global, or environmental context is minimally addressed if at all.
Developing 3 (3%) points
Writing is in need of editing. Relevant social,economic, global, or environmental context is somewhat lacking.
Satisfactory 4 (4%) points
Writing is adequate. Relevant social,economic, global, or environmental context is somewhat described.
Exemplary 5 (5%) points
Writing is clear and concise. Relevant social,economic, global, or environmental context is fully described.

Key Requirements--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 3 (3%) points
Few requirements are described.
Developing 4 (4%) points
Some requirements are described.
Satisfactory 6 (6%) points
Most requirements are described adequately.
Exemplary 7 (7%) points
All requirements are described clearly.

Final Design--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 9 (9%) points
Description is lacking. Few or no relevant figures or tables and references are used. Design meets a few requirements.
Developing 14 (14%) points
Description is lacking. Some relevant figures or tables and references are used. Design meets some requirements.
Satisfactory 19 (19%) points
Adequate description. Some relevant figures or tables and references are used. Design meets most requirements.
Exemplary 25 (25%) points
Complete, concise description. Excellent relevant figures or tables and references are used. Design meets requirements.

Design Analysis--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 6 (6%) points
Analysis is minimal or lacking. Correct units not always indicated. No proper use of engineering tools documented.
Developing 9 (9%) points
Analysis is incomplete. Correct units not always indicated. Proper use of few engineering tools.
Satisfactory 12 (12%) points
Analysis supports design. Analysis is mostly complete with correct units. Proper use of some engineering tools.
Exemplary 15 (15%) points
Analysis supports design. Analysis is clear, complete, and easy to follow with correct units. Proper use of engineering tools.

Acceptance Test Plan--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 9 (9%) points
Incomplete tests for most specifications. Few appropriate tools identified for most tests. Tools sometimes not used properly.
Developing 14 (14%) points
Complete tests for most specifications. Mostly appropriate tools identified for most tests. Tools sometimes not used properly.
Satisfactory 19 (19%) points
Complete tests for every specification. Mostly appropriate tools identified for each test. Tools used properly.
Exemplary 25 (25%) points
Clear and complete tests for every specification. Appropriate tools identified for each test. Tools used properly.

Final Schedule--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 1 (1%) points
Schedule is very incomplete, and can hard to follow.
Developing 1.5 (1.5%) points
Schedule is somewhat incomplete, and can may be hard to follow.
Satisfactory 2 (2%) points
Schedule is accurate and complete, and can be followed.
Exemplary 2.5 (2.5%) points
Schedule is complete, accurate, clear, and easy to follow.

Final Budget--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory .9 (.9%) points
Budget is very incomplete, and hard to follow.
Developing 1.4 (1.4%) points
Budget is somewhat incomplete, and can may be hard to follow.
Satisfactory 1.9 (1.9%) points
Budget is accurate and complete, and can be followed.
Exemplary 2.5 (2.5%) points
Budget is complete, accurate, clear, and easy to follow.

Lessons Learned--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 2 (2%) points
Poor, disorganized writing. Makes no connection to larger educational experience.
Developing 3 (3%) points
Disorganized writing. Makes little connection to larger educational experience.
Satisfactory 4 (4%) points
Adequate writing. Makes some connection to larger educational experience.
Exemplary 5 (5%) points
Clear writing. Makes clear connection to larger educational experience.

Future Work--
Levels of Achievement:
Unsatisfactory 0 (0%) points
No articulation of possibel future direction of project work.
Developing 1 (1%) points
Little articulation of possibel future direction of project work.
Satisfactory 2 (2%) points
Some articulation of possibel future direction of project work.
Exemplary 3 (3%) points
Clear and complete articulation of possible future direction of project work.